Verawood Operator Release Notes (#1493)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/community/release_notes/verawood/dev_op_release_notes.rst

    the ORA reminder sweeper Celery task reschedules itself.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_SWEEP_BATCH_SIZE`` (default ``1000``): maximum number of
    ORA reminder rows processed per sweep cycle.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_CHECK_AGAIN_HOURS`` (default ``12``): hours to wait
    before checking again when no peer submissions are available.

* **Built-in pdf XBlock.** The pdf XBlock is now built into the platform core
  and installed by default. If you previously installed a third-party pdf
  implementation such as open-craft's ``xblock-pdf``, then the built-in
  implementation will likely work as a drop-in replacement, so you can
  uninstall the third-party implementation.

  If you'd rather continue using a third-party pdf implementation, then :ref:`follow
  the steps to replace a preinstalled XBlock with a custom implementation
  <xblock:Replace a Preinstalled XBlock With a Custom Implementation>`.
  In either case, the third-party implementation must be removed from the
  ``xblock.v1`` entrypoint, otherwise you will see an ``AmbiguousPluginError``.
  Additionally, you will want to enable the ``legacy_studio.pdf_editor`` toggle
  to allow the third-party pdf implementation to render its editor.

> * **New Instructor Dashboard MFE is the default experience.** The new

Reviewer: Isn't the catalog MFE becoming default in Verawood too ? We used to have to enable it in Ulmo: https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-catalog

Author: Yes - you're totally correct. I'll add a note, along with the depr ticket - https://github.com/openedx/openedx-platform/issues/36785

    on every role lifecycle event for downstream consumers. See `ADR:
    Auditability
    <https://github.com/openedx/openedx-authz/blob/main/docs/decisions/0012-auditability.rst>`_.

  * **Known caveat: Admin Console and courses without the flag enabled.**
    The Admin Console displays all courses in scope selectors when assigning
    roles, regardless of whether ``authz.enable_course_authoring`` is
    enabled for those courses. Roles can be assigned to any course through
    the admin, but those assignments won't take effect unless the flag is
    enabled for that course, its org, or globally. This can look like roles
    were assigned but permissions aren't enforced. This limitation does not
    affect content libraries, which don't use the legacy permission system.

    As of `frontend-app-admin-console PR #176
    <https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-admin-console/pull/176>`_, the
    Admin Console's filters, Team Members table, Audit User view, and role
    assignment wizard all read flag state directly from ``GET
    /api/authz/v1/waffle-flag-states/`` and hide course content the flag
    doesn't cover yet, independently of whether the underlying Casbin

>     migration has run. Observed behavior:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <https://github.com/openedx/frontend-app-admin-console/pull/176>`_, the
    Admin Console's filters and role assignment wizard all read flag state directly
    from ``GET /api/authz/v1/waffle-flag-states/`` and hide course content the flag
    doesn't cover yet, independently of whether the underlying Casbin
    migration has run. The Team Members table and Audit User view display all
    course assignments; however, course or organization assignments that are
    not enabled via the ``authz.enable_course_authoring`` flag can only be viewed,
    but not deleted. Observed behavior:
```

Reviewer 3: Looks good! Thanks for updating!!!

  instructor dashboard; *enabled by default*
* ``@openedx/frontend-app-notifications``: ports
  ``@edx/frontend-plugin-notifications`` to the frontend-base ecosystem;
  *enabled by default*

The tutor-mfe implementation allows each of these to be easily enabled or
disabled without requiring a rebuild of the Tutor image, as documented in
the `tutor-mfe README
<https://github.com/overhangio/tutor-mfe/tree/main#frontend-base-site>`_.
When an app that replaces an existing MFE is enabled (such as Authn or
Learner Dashboard), its MFE counterpart is automatically disabled.

It is expected that by Xylon (June 2027), all
Open edX MFEs will have been converted to frontend-base apps. Operators are
therefore encouraged to enable the Authn and Learner Dashboard apps to test
pre-existing customizations on their instances. It is likely that any
branding, plugins, and forks of MFEs will need to be ported accordingly.
Documentation on how to do so is provided at:

* `frontend-base theming docs
  <https://github.com/openedx/frontend-base/blob/main/docs/how_tos/theming.md>`_
* `docs.openedx.org PR #1459
  <https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/pull/1459>`_
* `Migrate a frontend app how-to

>   <https://github.com/brian-smith-tcril/frontend-base/blob/main/docs/how_tos/migrate-frontend-app.md>`_

Reviewer 4: These links need updating:

https://github.com/openedx/docs.openedx.org/pull/1498

  introduced as a temporary safeguard no longer exists. Any configuration
  setting this toggle should be removed. See
  `fix: removal of temporary saml toggle <https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/pull/37651>`_.

* **Consolidation of several XBlock packages into xblocks-extra.** The
  following standalone XBlock packages have been consolidated into
  ``xblocks-extra``. The standalone repositories have already been marked
  deprecated:

  * ``audio-xblock``
  * ``feedback-xblock``
  * ``openedx-xblock-image-modal``
  * ``xblock-qualtrics-survey``
  * ``xblock-sql-grader``
  * ``xblock-submit-and-compare``

  Operators who have any of these packages installed should migrate to
  ``xblocks-extra`` and follow the migration guideline.

  Additionally, the following Open edX forked repositories have been archived
  and are no longer maintained. Operators should refer to their respective
  upstream repositories for continued support:

  * ``schoolyourself-xblock``
  * ``ConceptXBlock``

* **Deprecation of legacy built-in XBlock implementations.** Several previously
  built-in XBlocks have been extracted from ``edx-platform`` into the shared

>   ``xblock-contrib`` repository, and the extracted implementations are used by

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  ``xblocks-core`` repository, and the extracted implementations are used by
```
The repo was renamed to xblocks-core recently.

  default in Verawood. The legacy "built-in" block code is considered
  deprecated. Starting in Willow, the deprecated built-in implementations are
  planned to be removed from ``edx-platform``, leaving only the extracted

>   variants in ``xblock-contrib``.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  variants in ``xblocks-core``.
```

>   The following blocks have been extracted and now live in ``xblock-contrib``:

Reviewer: it is `xblocks-contrib`, not `xblock-contrib`, I believe

>   The following blocks have been extracted and now live in ``xblock-contrib``:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
  The following blocks have been extracted and now live in ``xblocks-core``:
```

    sent per learner per ORA submission.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_INTERVAL_HOURS`` (default ``48``): hours between
    consecutive ORA reminder notifications.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_INITIAL_DELAY_HOURS`` (default ``0``): hours after
    submission before the first ORA reminder is sent.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_SWEEP_INTERVAL_SECONDS`` (default ``1800``): how often
    the ORA reminder sweeper Celery task reschedules itself.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_SWEEP_BATCH_SIZE`` (default ``1000``): maximum number of
    ORA reminder rows processed per sweep cycle.
  * ``ORA_REMINDER_CHECK_AGAIN_HOURS`` (default ``12``): hours to wait
    before checking again when no peer submissions are available.

* **Built-in pdf XBlock.** The pdf XBlock is now built into the platform core
  and installed by default. If you previously installed a third-party pdf
  implementation such as open-craft's ``xblock-pdf``, then the built-in
  implementation will likely work as a drop-in replacement, so you can
  uninstall the third-party implementation.

  If you'd rather continue using a third-party pdf implementation, then
  follow the steps to replace a preinstalled XBlock with a custom

>   implementation. In either case, the third-party implementation must be

Author: @Kelketek where are the "steps to replace a preinstalled XBlock with a custom implementation"?

Reviewer 6: @sarina https://docs.openedx.org/projects/xblock/en/latest/xblock-tutorial/edx_platform/overrides.html#replace-a-preinstalled-xblock-with-a-custom-implementation
